Guardrail Node changelog (#267)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-05.mdx

title: Changelog | May, 2024
---

## Guardrail Workflow Nodes

_May 23rd, 2024_

> We've introduced a brand new type of Workflow Node! You can now use Evaluation Metrics inside of workflows with the new Guardrail Node, making it easier to evaluate Workflow steps and to adjust your Workflow's behavior on the fly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use Evaluation Metrics inside of Workflows with the new Guardrail Node! Guardrail Nodes let you run pre-defined evaluation criteria at runtime as part of a Workflow execution so that you can drive downstream behavior based on that metric's score.

For example, if building a RAG application, you might determine whether the generated response passes some threshold for [Ragas Faithfulness](https://docs.ragas.io/en/latest/concepts/metrics/faithfulness.html) and if not, loop around to try again.
```

> ![Guardrail Nodes](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-05/guardrail-nodes.png)

Reviewer: Our screenshot should feature a more realistic metric. I think people would get excited about seeing a Ragas metric being used inline in a workflow.

I can help get a good screenshot this afterrnoon.
